breaking: Refactor `getmail` support (#4156)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/advanced/mail-getmail.md

  - GETMAIL_POLL=5
```

In your DMS config volume (eg: `docker-data/dms/config/`), add a subdirectory `getmail/` for including your getmail config files (eg: `imap-example.cf`) for each remote account that you want to retrieve mail from and deliver to the mailbox of a DMS account.

> These config files content is documented in the next section with an IMAP and POP3 example to reference.

Reviewer: No it is multiple config file support. Each account to remotely pull mail from has a separate POP3 or IMAP config associated to that account. You can look at the example configs that the line references on the docs (or that this PR adds to the `config-examples` repo directory.

> These config files content is documented in the next section with an IMAP and POP3 example to reference.

Reviewer 2: Then it's probably "these config files contents"?

> These config files content is documented in the next section with an IMAP and POP3 example to reference.

Reviewer 2: @casperklein what's with this one?

> These config files content is documented in the next section with an IMAP and POP3 example to reference.

Reviewer: > It's just a grammatical question, not a technical one :)

My grammar is not the greatest. You are probably right. I would also say that the english regardless of `is`/`are` here reads poorly and it should rather be:

```suggestion
The content of these config files is documented in the next section with an IMAP and POP3 example to reference.
```

And now I'm pretty sure grammar wise `are` does not make sense 😝

> These config files content is documented in the next section with an IMAP and POP3 example to reference.

Author: I would go with this one above.

delivered_to = false
```

> The DMS integration for Getmail generates a `getmailrc` config that prepends the common options of the base config to each remote account config provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DMS integration for Getmail generates a `getmailrc` config that prepends the common options of the base config to each remote account config file (`*.cf`) found in the DMS Config Volume `getmail/` directory.
```
